Sister Lanxin
Also here to participate in the coronation ceremony of the guest and host
But as far as I know
This invitation list is not
Could it be that I came to apologize to you?
Apologizing should also have an attitude of apology
Sister Lan Xun, your attitude is not good.
Since it is an apology
You should make an apology
Break the hands and feet of this gap
Let Miss Jiang kneel one step at a time
Go in and beg Mr. Li to marry her
You didn't let Mr. Bing go at all like this
What a lot of nonsense
Simp, how dare you hit me Fei Ge
Someone kill him
Blue Patrol, it's not that I don't give you face
He is courting death
Come
I broke his arm and leg.
I see who dares
Sister Lan, do you really think you can protect him?
Today is the coronation of Ice Ancestor
Even if you are the head of Xuanning Temple
You have to kneel in front of the patient.
Since I'm here to apologize
The attitude needs to be correct
Do it!
No mercy
I'll see who dares to cry out
Your Majesty, I advise you not to live like this
Today is Lu Xuan's coronation ceremony
Do you regret what you did?